KEB OIDC default values (#813)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-12-custom-oidc-configuration.md

       }
   }"
```
>NOTE: `clientID` and `issuerURL` values are mandatory for custom OIDC configuration.

If you do not provide the `oidc` object in your provisioning request or leave all object's properties empty, the default OIDC configuration will be used.

> However, if you do the same in update request, it will leave the saved OIDC configuration untouched.

Author: I meant if OIDC object is not provided or properties fields of OIDC object are left empty

> However, if you do the same in update request, it will leave the saved OIDC configuration untouched.

Reviewer: so lets put it that way: 
```suggestion
However, if you do not provide the `oidc` object in the update request or leave all object’s properties empty, the saved OIDC configuration stays untouched.
```

> In these particular cases, JSON could look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following JSON example without the `oidc` object and with the `oidc` object whose properties are empty:
```

> See the following JSON example without the `oidc` object and with the `oidc` object whose properties are empty:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following JSON example without the `oidc` object:
```

```json
{
  "service_id" : "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
  "plan_id" : "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
  "context" : {
    "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
  },
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME}
  }
}
```

> OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following JSON example with the `oidc` object whose properties are empty:
```

```json
{
  "service_id" : "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
  "plan_id" : "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
  "context" : {
    "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
  },
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME},
    "oidc" : {
      "clientID" : "",
      "issuerURL" : "",
      "groupsClaim" : "",
      "signingAlgs" : [],
      "usernamePrefix" : "",
      "usernameClaim" : ""
    }
  }
}
```

> The default OIDC configuration looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default OIDC configuration:
```

```json
{
  ...
    "oidc" : {
      "clientID" : "9bd05ed7-a930-44e6-8c79-e6defeb7dec9",
      "issuerURL" : "https://kymatest.accounts400.ondemand.com",
      "groupsClaim" : "groups",
      "signingAlgs" : ["RS256"],
      "usernamePrefix" : "-",
      "usernameClaim" : "sub"
    }
  ...
}
```

> If you would like to update the OIDC configuration, please make sure that you provide values for the mandatory properties. Without these values, validation error will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the OIDC configuration, provide values for the mandatory properties. Without these values, a validation error occurs.
```

> Update operation will overwrite the OIDC configuration values as provided in JSON. That means empty OIDC properties values are considered as valid values for configuration. Consider the following scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The update operation overwrites the OIDC configuration values provided in JSON. It means that OIDC properties with empty values are considered valid. See the following scenario:
```

>    1. Existing instance has the following OIDC configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. An existing instance has the following OIDC configuration:
```

   ```
   ClientID: 9bd05ed7-a930-44e6-8c79-e6defeb7dec9
   IssuerURL: https://kymatest.accounts400.ondemand.com
   GroupsClaim: groups
   UsernameClaim: sub
   UsernamePrefix: -
   SigningAlgs: RS256
   ```

>    2. User sends update request (HTTP PUT) with the following JSON in the payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. A user sends an update request (HTTP PUT) with the following JSON in the payload:
```

```json
{
  "service_id" : "47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281",
  "plan_id" : "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
  "context" : {
    "globalaccount_id" : {GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID}
  },
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME},
    "oidc" : {
      "clientID" : "new-client-id",
      "issuerURL" : "https://new-issuer-url.local.com",
      "groupsClaim" : "",
      "signingAlgs" : [],
      "usernamePrefix" : "",
      "usernameClaim" : ""
    }
  }
}
```

>    3. The OIDC configuration is updated accordingly to the values of `oidc` object in JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. The OIDC configuration is updated to include the values of the `oidc` object from JSON provided in the update request:
```
